difference between print and println.
what are variables?
     Variables are like containers that we use to store data in our programs.
What are Data Types?
     DataTypes are used to store and identify different type of data in variables

Type Casting:
Type casting is moving the data from one data type to another.
- when we move something from small data type to a larger data type it's called
auto/widening/implicit
- whe we move something from a bigger box to a smaller box, it is called
manual/narrowing/explicit

Data Types from smaller to large
byte - short - int - long - float - double

When should we use type casting?
1- when we combine code from different
sources we might need to perform type casting to
make the code compatible (so we unify the data types for the program).

Relational Operators:    we also discussed comparable, shorthand and arethmatic operators
help us compare data.
results will be either true or false.
== if something is same results will be true
!= not equal, not same results will be true
> if value on left side is Greater than the value on the right side
< if value on left side is lesser than the value on the right side
>= Greater or equal, result will be true
<= lesser or equal, result will be true

If Statement:
-if statements help s to execute the code conditionally.
-without if conditions almost all the programs will be useless. They will not
be able to take any decisions.
-There are many variations of these statements.
    - if statements
    - if else statements
    - else if statements
    - nested if statements
 (same problems can be solved in similar ways) (some commands can do the same job, but
 using the correct code will make the coding shorter)
 (some of the concepts make your programming easier if use a certain order)

if Statement:
    One Condition one action.
if else statement:
    One condition two actions.
if else if statement:
    multiple conditions, multiple actions. Only One outcome
Nested if:
    when one condition is dependent on another conditions, that is when we use nested if
    when 2 conditions has to be true. Several outcomes
    if you are 18 and you are 165cm you can have driving license

 Scanner class:
    It is a class that is already written by another developers. there are around 9000 classes that are
    pre-written and we can use. Also there are Java libraries.
    Is a class that help us to us take input data from the user from keyboard.

    Classes are further divided into methods, each method can do something useful, example: nextInt(), nextBoolean(),
    nextDouble().

    Important Note:
    Every class in java also acts as a data type. We can create variables of these classes.
    If we want to reuse some codes from a class, we can create its objects and then we can start
    calling those methods.














